---
layout: post
title: Project 3 and more!
---
We finally had another project due after a month's break but its finally done! I think I enjoyed this project the most because it was not super stressful and there was a lot of logical thinking involved over actual difficulty with syntax. It was a lot of fun thinking about the different edge cases that are possible with all the positive and negative sentinels. It was also very interesting to learn how to "cast" pointers from one type to another since I have never done something like that before. Overall the project was definitely not hard and me and my partner managed to finish it well before time.

Class on the other hand has definitely become harder and complex. Understanding everything going on with the different constructors takes a lot of times and a lot of his quiz questions are based on these concepts. I am still not a 100% on these concepts and still review them everytime before class.
It is also a little difficult knowing when something will or won’t compile in C++ and I still don’t know the best way to understand it other than actually coding it up which might be a little inefficient to learn. We also learned about the “explicit” keyword and also about the “friend” keyword. Again, the material was dense and I will have to definitely review it well soon!
Tip: Take notes in class. Write down everything he says since here are no slidesets to go back to when reviewing for the test. He will say quite a few important things in class about C++ stuff that you definitely want to remember for your test.
