---
layout: post
title: References? Pointers?
---
We are a month into school and I had my first "WOW" moment of this class when we learnt about how references are aliases for a variable and are actually different from a pointer. The WOW moment happened when we learnt that using references helps tremendously in reducing run time errors which is something we never really want to show a user. Another thing that Dr. Downing does that really impressed me was using asserts to indicate the logic flow in a program. I have typically never used asserts before and have finally understood the value of asserts after learning it in this class.

Our next project has also been assigned to us and Dr. Downing highly recommends we do pair programming. In the past he has assigned readings to us that talk about the benefits of pair programming and it appears that pair programming is being looked on favorably in the industry as well. For my internship, I had to pair programming for a good amount of time so I know that from personal experience. I really enjoy pair programming as it allows me to discuss my ideas with someone else which makes me feel much surer of the code I write when driving. The project assigned to us as our second project is also interesting with various different paths that the program can take which becomes slightly easier with a partner.

Tip:
A lot of times we find ourselves stuck on an issue and are trying to debug the problem by going over our code multiple times in our head. However, after many iterations, we are still unable to find the issue. The rubber duck debugging method really helps. What it really is, is that you are talking out your solution and your code to a "rubber duck" and by doing so and actually talking about your code to "someone" you are more likely to find the issue yourself. Here is the Wiki page for it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging
