---
layout: post
title: Arrays, Constructors and more!
---
Week 8 has gone by and I don't understand how time is flying by so fast. Last week in class we talked about our third project which is simulating a heap using an array. It was very interesting to learn about how to convert a char pointer type to an integer pointer type. These are things I have never done pointers with Java and so class remains super interesting all the time. Dr. Downing's way of explaining the requirements of methods and constructors by showing GTests helps understand things much better because you can directly see in front of you how your method is supposed to perform and execute with no doubt in mind because otherwise the test would simply fail.

We also spent a considerable amount of time in class going over Arrays in C++. While defining an array in C++ is similar to how its done in Java, working with array pointers is definitely not. There are some fine technicalities of working with array pointers such as how the sizeof() method works that should definitely be kept in mind when working with Arrays in C++. 

Another important conversation in class that I really enjoyed was the cconversation on constructors. Dr. Downing went over the default constructor, copy constructor, destructor in class and with examples demonstrated which constructors get called in which scenario and it was interesting to learn how built-in types use their constructors differently from user-defined types in C++. Some parts of it was definitely tricky and there was even a quiz dedicated to the whole concept of constructos so it is something I would suggest you put some time into.

Tip:
It might seem you can do the projects individually but you should do the projects in pairs. You can make bonus points by doing that and help offset any points you might lose due to incorrect code. 
