---
layout: post
title: And done!
---
The last week was definitely one of the most stressful weeks I have had in my college career. On the bright side, I got done with classes but I also had 4 tests in the span of 2 days. One of the most stressful tests to prepare for was for this class since the material was just so vast and I didn't really have an idea of how we were to be tested on the material. So I ended up going over the slidesets multiple times and looking up the meanings of all key terms on cppreference.com. I also wrote out a bunch of different questions that I thought Dr. Downing could possibly ask on the test. The test was definitely tricky and it was electronic on Canvas this time around which was kind of nice because its much easier to type than it is to write and you can keep on adding lines if you forget to write something out. I definitely liked doing the test electronically although I am kind of nervous about what that means about grading.

I definitely learnt a lot of C++ in this class over the past three and a half months. Dr. Downing is a really good teacher and explains things really well. The part that bothered me were the daily quizzes as they added a whole new level of stress for me that I felt could have been weighed a little less or just added to the tests. It would have also been nice to have a couple of slip days for assignments. But overall I learnt a great deal in this class and can now say I know how to program decently in C++

Tip: Take a Downing class during your time at UT!!
