---
layout: post
title: Its time for our first test!
---
We are less than a week away from our first test and I have only now realized the amount of studying that will be needed to do well on the test. Dr. Downing released a list of concepts that we are required to know for the test and I only now realized how much I have learnt in this class in just a month.
To prepare for the test I think it will be most important to go over the examples that he went over in class. Since, the test is all coding, we have to understand the code he did in class really well. I have also formed a study group for this class to incorporate "pair programming" concepts when actually studying as well! I hope the results are as good as they were when programming.

In class we have been going over the different types of iterators that are available to us in C++ for a while and were working on implementing some common methods such as "equal", "accumulate", "fill" using these iterators. Actually coding out some of these methods definitely helped increase my understanding of iterators and I would recommend to everyone to try to code up the methods the professor doesn't go through in class. Before we ended class on Friday, we got working on implementing an actual iterator and it is definitely trickier than it sounds but we will actually go over it in class on Monday so that is something I'm looking forward to.

Tip:
This time of the year is typically interview season as a lot of people are interviewing for internships/full-time positions. For technical interviews, knowing the Big O of common operations on common data structures, and Big O of common algorithms is very important to ace the interview. I find this link particularly helpful as it highlights which Big Os are good and bad for these data structures and algorithms: http://bigocheatsheet.com/
