---
layout: post
title: 1 Down 4 to go!
---
Anddddd we finally submitted our first project for this class! I was probably more nervous turning in this project that I was for my OS class due to the sheer number of requirements that we had to keep track of. I was constantly scared that I was missing a step but it has been turned in and now the wait is on for the grade! The project was a lot of fun because it wasn't too hard to code up which actually gave us a lot of time to think of intelligent ways of solving the problem rather than just getting it done.

Over the course of this project I understood the importance of git as I tried a bunch of different solutions some of which failed and retrieving my old working code became much simpler with the use of git for version control. Also, a lot of students are taking this class and work in the lab so when I would have issues with some tool that we have to use, it was always relatively easy to find someone in the lab who could help.

Dr. Downing has been teaching for 20+ years and thus a lot of his students are out in the industry and one such student of his came and gave us a talk on how it is to be a Software engineer at Bloomberg. The talk was very informative as it gave us a good glimpse into what working in the industry looks like.

Tip:
Git is very very powerful. And with power comes the ability to destroy. Be very careful of what you do with git. Read the documentation on the commands you are using. Stackoverflow is your friend. If you don't understand a command you won't be the first one to be in the same boat. Google it and Stackoverflow will help you out.
