---
layout: post
title: Week one with Dr. Downing!
---
Professor Downing is one of the most respected faculty members at UTCS and it is highly recommended by everyone that every student take at least one class from him. So far he has lived up the the hype. Downing is very experienced and has an excellent grasp of the material he is teaching us. He makes every effort to try to explain even the smallest and most trivial of things in any piece of code he teaches. His knowledge also makes it very easy to ask questions of him and you will never be disappointed with his answers to these questions which I love.

Professor Downing's teaching style has an excellent flow to it. He doesn't jump around a lot and every sentence he says in class is useful. Downing also calls out people randomly in class and asks them questions. This makes the class interactive but is also very intimidating but I guess I just have to get used to it. 

The suite of tools we will be using in this class seem to be industry backed tools which is very exciting because we are finally learning tools that will actually help us when we are employed and it also gives an insight into industry standards of things. 
So far this class has been an amazing experience and I'm looking forward to learning a lot this semester.

Tip Of The Week:
Everything in the tech industry is exploding and growing at phenomenal rates but batteries haven't changed in a long long time. Here is an interesting article that talks about some of the new ways companies are trying to improve battery life: http://www.wired.com/2015/03/batteries-last-longer-arrive-really/
