---
layout: post
title: Last Project!
---
This past week we had a guest speaker from Atlassian come talk to us. I enjoy these guest speaker talks that we regularly have in class, because they are a break from the quizzes and because it is very interesting to learn how software development happens in the industry which we will soon enter. The speakers from Atlassian talked about some of their products that are competitors to mainstream products like github and slack. 

We have also been assigned our next project and went over it in class. The project seems similar to the last project Darwin that we did but this time we have to work with inheritance in C++ which has made the project trickier. It has become very important to first actually come up with a good concrete design and then code it up. Actually drawing out the design helped me understand the data flow between the different classes since we can't use getters and setters. 

The next test in this class is only 2 weeks away and the material that is covered for this test is immense. I have already started preparing for this final test so that I don't mess it up.

Tip:
It is very important that you test your methods and functions as you go when programming. Your methods are definitely going to be resued in different other methods and you want to be confident that your first method runs as you expect it to so that if you do run into an issue it is much easier to isolate the problem and debug it. Life will be exponentially harder if you wait till the end to test out your methods. Also keep on compiling as you go so that you aren't bogged down by that either.
