---
layout: post
title: Another Project Down!
---
Last week we turned in our first pair programming project and I experienced the benefits of pair programming first hand. Me and my partner were able to catch each other's bugs fairly quickly as we were coding instead of wasting significant amounts of time trying to find the bugs. It was also easier to come up with test cases for our project and the overall design was much better. It was definitely an enjoyable experience being able to collaborate on a school project.

In class, we are currently learning about iterators. I never knew about the different types of iterators available in C++ and how important this knowledge will be when designing my own iterators for my own objects. It has been easier to relate to concepts in this class because of our previous knowledge of Java so I would recommend you brush up your Java skills. We have also been going over generics in C++ which seem to work similar to how generics in Java work.
A concept that is slightly confusing is the concept of Lambdas. It is very confusing to pass a function as an argument to another method and took a while to wrap my head around.

Tip:
For the quizzes, make sure you read whatever you did in the last couple of classes. A lot of the questions come straight from that material. Also, whatever Dr. Downing puts down on Text Wrangler you should put down in your notes. They are inevitable going to be on the quizzes and possibly on the test and will just generally help you recollect the things you did in class.
